Well, good evening, family.
I'm sorry I'm a little late.
We went to church, and as I was sitting in church, the Lord gave me an open-eyed vision about what we're supposed to be praying for tonight.
So, we're just going to jump right into the river.
But I felt led to go over some of the things we saw yesterday when we were praying.
Now, we had two videos yesterday.
Some of you don't know it; the devil interfered with our internet, and so we just kept going and we ended up praying until almost morning, which was amazing.
The glory of the Lord came in and hit me with Holy Ghost laughter.
And I'm telling you, I've never done that to that level on a live stream.
And so it was pretty amazing—the Lord was just bringing refreshing, especially to me and to my son and to my wife, and just blessing us.
You know, when you are in a place of always pouring out, it's nice to get refreshed.
And when you get a touch from the Holy Spirit, it's refreshing.
There's a lot of you that don't know about it.
And they say, 'Well, what is that?
What were you doing?
' That's just yielding.
You can't make it happen, just like you can't make groaning happen.
You get over in the flesh and you make things go and act weird, or you can laugh and be in the flesh, but I'd rather be in the flesh in church than in the world, right?
And so you start out—it's like people say, 'How do you get over there?
' You yield.
You yield to the presence of God.
You yield to the anointing.
You yield.
'Holy Spirit, have your way.
Have your way.
You are the potter; I am the clay.
I am yielded to you today.
' When a pot is on the potter's wheel and it's molding, the pot doesn't say, 'Well, I don't like the way you're pushing.
I don't like the way you're doing.
I want to be this way.
' No, it's yielded to the potter.
Have your way.
So, the potter's up there pushing here, and he's putting all the perfections out and doing all the things that he knows to do to make a good pot.
And if you are a yielded vessel, the Holy Spirit will make a good pot.
Does that make sense?
I'm trying to relate it.
And so when you're going over into the laughter and you're just yielded, and it starts out with you just laughing and you feel that bubbling up inside of you, the Holy Spirit will do it just like groanings.
It's not something that you just fake.
People go around acting weird and try to roll around in the aisle and mock and try to imitate something, but when it's authentic and you feel the presence of God, it's like Braden said: 'Dad, the tangible presence of the Lord was in our house last night.
I could feel it.
' And you always wonder, because I don't want to be the only one having a good time.
When you're at a party, you want everybody else to be having a good time, too, right?
You're having a big party, you're celebrating, and Jesus is there, and you're the only one acting crazy.
I'd say you're the only one in the town getting drunk.
You're the town drunk.
But whenever the Holy Ghost and fire is on you and everybody else is, it's like Acts chapter 2.
It was just the third hour of the day, right?
It's just in the middle of the afternoon.
'Are these men drunk?
' They're all thinking they're all wasted, but they weren't.
This is what this is.
This is that spoken by the prophet Joel: the day of Pentecost.
And I truly believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And he's still pouring out his spirit on the church just like he did back in Acts chapter 2.
I truly believe if you are a yielded vessel, we can walk in it.
And just like Pastor Candace, she was teaching tonight about Moses.
He was underneath the old covenant.
How much more can we walk in the glory and be in the new covenant, the greater glory, and not just be somebody that is every once in a while visiting there, but somebody that lives there, lives in that presence, in that fullness of the glory, that people see it on you in these last days.
So, all right.
That's what all that was about.
Last night was amazing.
I loved it.
And if you haven't watched that video, I encourage you, if you just want to have a refreshing, to go watch that video.
As we were praying, the Lord showed me the revival again.
And I saw Minneapolis, Minnesota, and I saw a well of revival springing forth out of the dirt.
It started—do you know how you see cracks in the desert or in a big lake bed whenever the sun has dried up the water and the massive cracks are all in there?
And you go, 'Wow, this riverbed is really dry and you can touch it.
' But if you just dig down a little bit, the water is there.
You just got to dig down a little bit.
Well, the water table is always at a certain level.
As I was praying into this, I saw the water coming from the fountains from the deep concerning the glory about what we're about to see.
And the Lord said, 'Uncap the wells.
' Uncap the wells.
I saw the wells coming uncapped—what was, you know, when you cap a well and it was a springing forth of new water, new fountains of water.
And all of a sudden, those cracks that were all in Minnesota started to fill up with water, and it was just barely touching the feet, just barely covering the soles of your shoes.
And you're getting a little wet.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to take it up from where it's just on the soles of your shoes to ankle-deep, to knee-deep, to waist-deep, to over your head.
' And he said, 'You can't mess this up.
You're not big enough to mess this up for what I'm about to do—the harvest of the prayers for the intercessory prayer that has gone forth.
The seeds of prayer are springing forth.
' And the Lord said to us last night, 'Watch this.
' And all of a sudden, bam, it was in Minnesota.
Bam, it went to Tennessee.
I saw around Perry Stone's area where he's at, his ministry, springing forth a well.
And the Lord said, 'Fill my cup, Lord.
' I started singing that song, and the more I sang that song, the glory of the Lord started filling me.
I could feel it.
It went from Minnesota to Tennessee, to Mobile, Alabama, to Fort Worth, Texas, to Oklahoma City, to Collinsville, to Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Boom, boom, boom.
And it went to Nigeria, and it started springing forth wells of revival.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to pour.
' And I saw a wave of revival coming out of Minnesota again.
I saw a wave of the glory of God coming forth out of it.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for Mike Lindell.
Pray for these people who are running for office in these areas, for Omar to find a new job somewhere else.
Praying for revival.
Praying for this major harvest.
' And I could see it going, and it was touching down in these cities.
And he said, 'These are places of harbingers, like harvesters, like crop circles.
I don't know how else to say it.
There are glory zones—better glory zones, glory manifested zones, designated chosen places for the revival that God has put his finger on.
' And when I told you I saw the hand of the Lord—five of it—all his fingers went out over the earth and shafts of light shot down from his fingers and made pillars of light coming from his fingers.
And he said, 'These are the places that I have designated for a major harvest of souls in the last days in Tennessee, in these areas.
' And there were shafts of light that shot forth, and there was major revival in America and parts of Australia and Asia and the Middle East, Europe, and Africa.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, as these shafts of glory came out of the Lord's hand, he said, "I designated these places.
I saw satanic camps trying to camp themselves around and about these areas to try to prevent the glory from coming.
But they're no match for our heavenly Father.
No matter how big the devil tries to be, even on his best day, he's nothing.
He's a loser.
He's been defeated.
And that's what I was trying to tell you all.
Do you believe that God can make mistakes?
Do you believe that you're a mistake?
That God made a mistake by letting you be here for such a time as this?
And that was my point in coming across last night when the Lord told me to ask them that.
I don't believe that our heavenly Father can ever make a mistake.
We are fearfully and wonderfully made, every single one of us.
And we have been called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And it's time for you, behind this camera right now, to get a backbone like a crowbar and expect the unexpected—to be expecting God to do something huge through you.
It just takes one spark to light a whole forest fire.
And he said, 'Pray for the revival.
' And then he said, 'Pray for Elon Musk.
' There's enough here even right now that we can pray that Elon Musk would have a visitation.
I saw to pray for Elon Musk again.
He said, 'I'm calling him in.
I'm calling him.
' Well, 'He's too dark.
I don't know.
He'll never.
' No.
The Lord said as I was being persecuted on Facebook, they told me they'd call me, and then they told me they'd call me again, and they keep giving me the runaround.
And that's when I said, 'Lord, why is it the body of Christ doesn't have a faith book?
Why is it that the body of Christ is always having to use what's the trend?
Why are we not the trendsetters?
Why is Facebook the leader?
Why is Instagram the leader?
Why is TikTok the leader?
Why is the body of Christ not the head?
' And he talked about the money, because the body of Christ chokes on money.
You go, 'Well, we can't have that.
You know, the love of money is the root of all evil.
' But that's why I said you're ignorant: because the Lord wants you to have the exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think to be able to have platforms to bring forth the glory.
Then whenever we're able to say what we want to say and talk about Jesus where they don't say, 'You know what?
We're censoring you.
' They turn me off like they did.
'We don't like that you're talking about Jesus.
Don't come back,' and they won't give you an excuse other than, 'We don't want you on our platform anymore.
' Even with 70,000 subscribers and followers, 'We don't care.
There's the button.
' Do you understand?
And then the Lord showed me, 'Why is it the body of Christ can't have a Facebook?
Why can't we believe for that?
' Mark Zuckerberg had an idea, but why not us?
But it takes us to have a bigger mentality than always thinking of the one-eyed monster with the TV.
And now the church is chasing TV.
And I hate to say it, but TV's out.
It's not the cool thing anymore.
I mean, who watches Christian television very much?
Not us.
I don't know very many of the younger generation that does.
Maybe a handful of them, but a lot of boomers maybe, but a lot of the younger generation—Braden, he goes, 'TV?
What?
' They don't even know about TV.
His generation doesn't even care about TV.
So, you're going to lose a generation for the cause.
Do you understand?
No offense to Daystar and TBN or whoever, God TV or whatever it is, or Victory Network, but I'm going to tell you, you're going to lose a whole generation.
The boomers already either know or they don't know.
But where's Generation X or the new AI generation?
We've got to start thinking faster and be more effective.
And that's what I'm praying: be more effective in these last days.
Are you going to miss a generation for Jesus?
What is drawing them in?
When I was praying for Ericka and her ministry with Charlie Kirk, Turning Point, for the singing and the concerts and praying for things, how do we get the young generation to be engaged in church?
I don't want to lose this generation.
That's why even with the youth building, we're building this new youth facility because of the visions about the kids and the youth and the things that they're believing for.
It takes somebody thinking outside of the box to reach a generation for Christ.
And if we always think, 'Well, it's what the older people do,' then you're in trouble if you don't start planning now.
And that's why I got so frustrated because the body of Christ is always thinking way behind.
Well, we're chasing the TV and I'm like, 'No, no, no.
You're off.
This is off.
I know it by the Spirit of God.
You're off.
This is not right.
You've got to get on the right road.
We've got to get on the right road.
' And now you see, well, Facebook's kind of fading out, but what's the new thing?
What's going to be the new thing to reach this new generation?
Ai, but what will AI do?
And the Lord said, 'If you pray, I will show you the secret things of that which is to come.
What will be trending in two years, five years, I will let you be the leader of the trend.
' But if you keep chasing the trend, it's just like chasing the news, praying over the news.
Well, you know, I saw today that President Trump said the war is over and then Iran said this.
'What did I tell you was coming?
' No.
What did the Holy Spirit tell you was coming?
Not Brandon Biggs.
I've got to get it.
It's just bad vocabulary.
What did the Holy Spirit say?
'Israel.
Pay attention to Israel.
Israel will strike.
' I didn't see America.
I said Israel will blow up all their oil wells in the days ahead.
Israel will do this.
And anti-Semitism will rise up all over the world.
Do you remember this?
I didn't say America will do it.
I said Israel will act alone and anti-Semitism will be at an all-time high against the Jews in the days ahead, and it will be so bad that they won't even be able to go to restaurants or to grocery stores without there being rioting and picketing and throwing rocks at them and things like that.
It will be of biblical proportions.
I said a new Hitler type of anti-Semitism—remember what I told you—will spring forth in Europe like it was in the Holocaust and it will be so bad that the Jews will flee and come back to Israel.
I warned you of this.
I saw this.
It was a very detailed vision.
Well, all these things are happening.
Show them that.
What is that?
Trump's ceasefire.
Do you show them?
This is what the Holy Spirit said.
So, we keep praying.
We keep praying.
So, as I was praying, I saw the wells of revival springing forth all over this land.
And the Lord said, 'This will be a place of refuge to come and get a drink, and I will bring fresh anointing through your platform to bring forth where people don't have it.
' You say, 'Well, I live in the middle of the country and we don't have a church like you're talking about and I've got to drive over 100 miles to go to a church like that because there isn't anybody around here like that.
We're all dried up.
' The Lord said, 'Be an oasis on the internet for people to come and get a drink.
' He said it last night and he said, 'I'm going to as of now increase the anointing of the refreshing that will come through this camera so that you can have hope to get through your day.
' Not through Brandon Biggs, but I'm telling you by the Holy Ghost.
And I said, 'Lord, I'll yield to whatever you have for me.
' I'll say whatever you want me to say, but I want you to drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord.
That's why I sang it last night: 'I lift it up, Lord.
' And I could feel the refreshing.
I pray you got refreshed.
We had over 42 salvations last night off that—30-something.
It was amazing, wasn't it?
Yes.
I don't want to quit because it's so many days in a row.
42—is that right?
I try to memorize it because I like to keep track of how many we get in a month.
It's amazing how many people come in; Jesus gets them.
Okay, so that was part of what we saw last night.
If you didn't watch that, I know it was almost four hours worth of videos.
It's a long one, but I wasn't even going to do a video tonight until the Lord said, 'Brandon, this is what's coming.
' I was sitting in church and I went over into the realm, and I could hardly hear what she was teaching the congregation on regarding the glory because I wasn't really there.
I was looking over at what the Lord had me praying for tonight.
Let me tell you what he said about tonight.
He said, 'Do you see this now?
Do you see the thumbnail?
' You see the background, right?
Did you put the background down?
You see my background?
That's what we are praying over.
I saw attacks on our oil refineries and our oil facilities all over America.
I know it was symbolic, but I could see Muslim men who looked like ISIS sympathizers casing our oil facilities and gas plants—natural gas, propane, and so on.
I saw railroad tankers that look like propane tanks going down the rail.
They were targeting propane tanks on trains—flammable fuels on these tankers on railroads.
The Lord showed me those, and as I was in the spirit, I could see them moving down the railroad tracks in an area with a lot of trees.
This looked like an area probably in the East because we don't have trees that look like that until you get over into Arkansas.
Oklahoma is pretty prairie in some parts with a lot of red dirt.
As I was looking into this, I saw railroad cars and the targeting of our electric grid.
The Lord said, 'Pray over this tonight.
This is a major assignment and you're on high alert for this.
' That's what I saw.
It was very detailed visions as I was in church; it was very clear, and the Lord said, 'Pray over this.
This is very serious.
' That's why you see what you see behind me.
The other part was praying over the Strait.
I told you I have to stretch my legs out; I'm going to have to get a little footrest or something because when I sit here, I like to prop my feet up.
I put it on my trash can; I made my own little step stool here.
I don't like to sit Indian style for so long that my legs go to sleep.
As we were praying into it last night and praying over the Strait, I wanted to tell you this: I support President Trump.
I pray for him to have wisdom.
I know he's doing the best he knows how to do.
If you really realize what a mess it all is—they don't come out and tell you the sky is falling like Chicken Little because one little spark of anything...
look how volatile the market is.
The war is over, everything goes...
then it looks like a ceasefire is over, then I think there's going to be a ceasefire again, and the economy fluctuates just by one word out of a man's mouth.
I haven't seen anything like it.
If you come out as a president and say this or that, all of a sudden you're powerful.
You can't say the sky is falling because if the sky is falling, people are selling everything and bunkering down in a hole.
I saw Mark Zuckerberg down in there looking at the hole, like, 'Oh God, what's going on?
' and I kept seeing Mark Zuckerberg sticking his head out this peephole.
I keep seeing it all the time.
I was like, 'What is that guy doing?
' The other part was, do you remember when I told you I saw a leader over France?
I said this man will be homosexual and will be a forerunner to take over France in the days ahead.
He will have the same kind of spirit that is over the guy at CNN; he will be very similar in the way he acts, like the gray-haired guy, Anderson Cooper.
I said he's similar to Anderson Cooper in the way he carries himself and talks.
I said I saw a man running for president who will be over France and will be homosexual.
I didn't necessarily know who this man is, just that he's coming.
Braden said he's been doing research and this man right here is openly gay and is friends with Emmanuel Macron, and Emmanuel Macron wants him to be the next leader of France.
Now, he doesn't look like Anderson Cooper—his hair is not gray—but I never heard him speak to see if he carries himself like Anderson Cooper.
Or was it a type and shadow just telling me he's gay?
I don't know, I just think it's interesting.
I guess they're good friends.
Maybe a little gray hair there?
A little bit.
Interesting.
We'll see where that goes.
Maybe there'll be another one.
2027, the Lord said.
But why is the Lord telling us about this ahead of time?
Because I saw a lot of persecution coming with your First Amendment rights in France and a major rising up of antisemitism.
The Lord said this is what we're praying for—the revival and these things.
I want to skip all that.
Real quick, Braden has some things he wants to show you, and then we're just going to jump in the river.
I don't want to take a lot of your time.
FBI warns Iranian hackers may be targeting critical U.
S.
water and energy systems.
What did the Holy Spirit tell you?
Targeting.
I said water facilities; I said you better pray over your water facilities and energy.
I said electric grids.
The Lord told us they're going to attack these.
I said some will be out for up to a month.
Iranian hackers—but it was more about the people that were in our country than out of our country.
The thousand-plus men that are here who are like trained Navy SEALs.
Why have they not done anything yet?
I believe the power of prayer holds back a lot of stuff.
But the Lord said they will not strike just to inflict a wound; they will go after the jugular.
They want to take you down forever.
You're not the main target; Israel is.
But you are in the way.
America is in the way, and they want to go for the jugular.
They want to go for the kill shot.
The Lord said they're not going to have a punch for a punch; they're going to go for the kill.
It's not 'I hit you, you hit me.
' No, they want to knock your legs out from underneath you.
And that's what the Lord said.
You're waiting for something much more: many 911s.
A lot of them, but small 911s.
That's what he said.
And they would be across the land.
Many, not large, but many.
I thought it was interesting the way he said it that day.
I was like, 'Okay.
' So, that's what we're praying into.
And then he said, 'Pray over Boston.
' Then he talked about property in Oklahoma.
He said people will be fleeing to Oklahoma, Texas, and other areas to get away from the East.
He said you're going to see mass migration big time, like we've had enough.
As we hear—Mamdani—what did our favorite mayor say today in New York?
Did everybody remember what is this right here first?
Do you want to show that first?
Did you show what our favorite mayor in New York said today?
I mean, this guy is a real winner.
He is my favorite.
He said he wants to tax white people.
I said, 'Oh my gosh, do you see that?
' So he's trying to pass laws for white Caucasians to give more money.
I thought it was pretty interesting.
Braden showed me.
He goes, 'Oh goodness, Daddy.
' I don't want to hear that guy.
I can't stand him.
At least he's up there and he's not somebody I have to pray for all the time.
You can pray for him.
I pray for our president.
Maybe they'll find something and deport him or something.
Look at this guy.
Did you show what he said?
I just think you can't make this stuff up.
I just go, 'My God,' so you can read it on your own.
I'm not reading it.
But that's what he wants to do.
Isn't he awesome?
He's just a great old guy.
Okay, let's go on to something else.
The UK refused to help President Trump and had no role in pulling this off.
It's not even close.
That guy I told you is in with the elite, the Illuminati, the dark side.
And I've told you I saw him being influenced by the bankers.
My light went out.
We'll have to buy a new one.
Do you know what happened to that bulb?
I told you I saw him.
There you go.
I think it got pulled on.
It's a miracle the light's on.
I saw them all having a plan concerning Agenda 2030, but it was the major bankers.
As I saw, George was there and Bill.
They were talking, and there were these three major bankers, big businessmen.
They are very wealthy, influential businessmen.
Bill was there, George, and an Asian man.
But every single one of these people with BlackRock—the other guy was with him—I could see that they have meetings with Satan and I could see them devising this plan.
These big banking people—and like I said, do not put their faces up.
I'm not saying their last names.
It doesn't matter.
Each one of these people were having meetings with the devil, and they were influencing the politicians with their pockets.
And that's why I said it's so important for the body of Christ to have money so you can influence politicians.
Thank God for the Greens.
Thank God for Hobby Lobby and for all the people that are like Chick-fil-A.
When the founder of Chick-fil-A was the guy that owned it before he passed away—and his sons are in it—he was a tither.
I know that for a fact.
And it's amazing because this is the kind of stuff—these are the kind of leaders that we need because that influences these men to do right things.
Mike Lindell, the MyPillow person—it was said that Mike Lindell's net worth was 300 million.
He needs to be worth 300 billion.
Why?
Because that's what brings in the different laws.
They don't listen to poor people.
They listen to people with money.
They don't care if you vote; they manipulate the vote.
They are able to change things.
They steal the vote.
Thank you, Joe.
But I'm saying you're able to manipulate things when you have money and power.
The little guy doesn't matter to them.
You're the slave to the lender.
That's what I was trying to tell you all last night.
It's time to believe for bigger because people in the body of Christ think too small, and the Lord said, 'Believe me for more.
It's time to be the head, not the tail.
' I'll get off that.
Do you have anything else?
NATO wasn't there when we needed them, and they won't be there if we need them again.
'Remember Greenland, that big, poorly run piece of ice?
' President Donald J.
Trump.
I said I saw them striking deals again with Greenland, but his main focus in the days ahead will be Cuba.
It's too close.
And I saw what the Lord showed us about Cuba.
Okay, so we've gone over enough.
You have a good update.
It's all happening.
We'll see what Israel does in the days ahead.
We'll see what Iran does to provoke Trump.
'What is that?
This is Kash.
' He said that.
The FBI and our partners are trying to find the leaker.
I said there's a leaker; there's a mole.
The Lord said there's a mole.
These people are crazy.
They're putting people in harm's way.
Why?
Because you hate Trump.
This has nothing to do with Trump.
This has to do with our people who are serving our country, and you're putting—it would be like putting your sons and daughters in harm's way.
These people are nuts.
It has nothing to do with Trump.
You're going to put people in danger that have nothing to do with him.
They're just following orders because they swore an oath to protect and serve.
What is wrong with them?
'Well, we're going to leak the information.
' Well, who is that hurting?
Trump?
No, it's hurting the people who are just working.
That's why I said they're sick in the head.
Father, I thank you.
Where is your mama?
Does she want to pray with me?
I told her when I was done that she could come and pray.
Diana was going to come and pray.
She wanted to read a little bit of the book to change the atmosphere after all this.
I did it pretty quick, only 37 minutes.
She was going to read a little bit more of that glory book.
It really does stir the flame inside of you.
But let's take communion real quick.
Father, we thank you for the body.
Hey, you want to come and pray?
You can read that book.
I'll move this up so I can get out and you can get in easier.
Okay, you can start reading.
Father, we just thank you for the body that you took all of it for us, that we walk in victory.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
We believe, Father, that we are the healed.
We believe that we are the victorious.
We believe, Father, that we are the head and not the tail.
And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that we are pressing forth and we're taking the land like the children of Israel did back in the day.
We are going to take the land for Jesus.
And we are not just going to sit by and say they're as big as grasshoppers.
Get a backbone and go out and get that land.
'Well, they're as big as grasshoppers.
' I don't care.
Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he tried to defy the armies of a God?
Who is the devil that tries to miss me?
Who is the world?
If God came through for them underneath the old covenant, how much more will he do it for you?
You've got to believe bigger.
If God can do it for the Greens and Hobby Lobby with a creative idea that started out of his garage, how much more can God do it for you?
You could be the best pie maker in the whole thing and you go, "Hey, you know what?
God gave me the best recipe.
I got it out of prayer.
I saw it in a vision.
" And the Lord said, "If you just add this and this and this and you just put this and it's the best pie.
" You know, Coca-Cola, nobody can figure out their formula forever.
How do you make it?
Or Colonel Sanders' original recipe when he went to a Kathryn Kuhlman meeting.
He didn't know if it was real or not.
And Kathryn Kuhlman prayed for him.
He fell out in the Holy Ghost.
Billy was telling us about it.
He said Kathryn Kuhlman prayed for Colonel Sanders.
She called him the chicken man.
Thank God for Kentucky Fried Chicken.
He was a giver.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the better original recipe.
You give it to us, Father, because you know what makes things taste good.
You know, God, how to make a better car.
You know how to make a better lawn mower that runs better.
I don't know.
Father, I thank you that you're giving creative ideas to your people tonight.
And Father, when they lay their head on the pillow, they sleep soundly but they have dreams and they are able to see things ahead of time.
And God, we are the trendsetters.
You give us better ideas than what the world has because we're led by the Spirit and we take this body in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
You believe it.
It's time to believe.
I believe.
I receive everything the Lord has for me.
And I take the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I thank you, Lord.
We repent of our sins.
We thank you, Lord, that you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
We take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Right.
You want some of my water?
You can read some of that.
Where did you leave off?
Let her read to you a little bit.
I love to hear some of this book and we'll pray over these wells.
We still got a little bit of time here.
You ain't going.
If you want to click out, you can.
But I like reading a little bit.
It changes the atmosphere.
There's such a blessing on books that are anointed.
'You want to be used mightily, then be willing to be hidden.
God often conceals his most powerful weapons.
He tucks them away in upper rooms, in closets, in wildernesses because they're too dangerous for the applause of man.
I lived hidden.
I died hidden.
And yet my prayers still echo eternity.
Hidden intercession is not a punishment.
It's a promotion.
When God hides you, he's trusting you to carry something sacred.
I prayed in towns I would never see again.
I laid foundations for revivals that would come after I died.
That's the mark of true intercession.
It builds altars for the next generation to burn upon.
You may never see the fruit, but the fire will fall.
Stop asking, "What did I build?
" Start asking, "Did I obey?
" Faithfulness is measured in eternity, not Instagram likes.
When Finney stood before thousands, I stood before God.
When he gave the altar call, I stood at the heavenly gates pleading for mercy.
When he rested, I wrestled.
You may feel unseen, but you are known in the courts of heaven.
And when you step into eternity, you'll discover that your hidden life was a highway for revival.
There's a sound that doesn't come from the mouth.
It comes from the spirit.
It's the sound of travail.
It's the cry of a soul in sync with the heartbeat of God.
And I'll tell you this, that sound shakes principalities.
I've heard demons scream in the spirit realm when a true intercessor groaned under the weight of divine burden.
You don't have to yell to terrorize darkness.
Hell doesn't fear volume.
It fears authority.
And authority comes from intimacy.
When you pray with heaven's permission and the spirit's power, even your whispers become weapons.
I wasn't trying to impress heaven.
I was trying to move it.
I didn't come to intercession with formulas.
I came with desperation.
And when your desperation becomes holy, it turns into something beautiful.
A sound that bends the heavens.
It's the sound of Jesus in Gethsemane.
The sound of Hannah in the temple.
The sound of the spirit groaning through yielded vessels.
That sound terrifies every power of darkness.
When you truly walk in prevailing intercession, you become a mobile altar.
Demons sense you before you say a word.
Environments shift when you enter rooms.
Your spirit carries residue from the secret place.
And everything unclean takes notice.
This isn't religion.
This is war.
And your groan is your battle cry.
I reached places in intercession where I was no longer praying.
I was being prayed through.
My mind was still, but the groans came like waves.
The spirit took over.
I became a vessel.
My words left.
My will surrendered.
And in those holy moments, I felt like I touched the edge of eternity.
That's where real intercession begins.
You don't push your agenda.
You host his.
You don't ask for things.
You become a conduit for his divine will.
The spirit searches the mind of God and pours it through you like fire down a pipe.
I remember times I'd be walking and suddenly feel a crushing weight fall on my soul.
I'd collapse in prayer, often in unexpected places.
The Lord would drop a burden on me so heavy I couldn't move until it lifted.
That's not emotionalism.
That's spiritual possession—not by a demon, but by the Holy Ghost.
God is looking for people he can trust with his burden.
Not people who will treat it like a goosebump, but like a baby in the womb—something that must be carried until it's birthed in the earth.
' I love that.
It's carrying it in prayer until it's birthed in the earth.
I said because you're never going to get what you're wanting in the natural until you birth it in the spirit.
It comes through the spirit first and then birthed through travail, right?
Through intercession.
Keep going.
'I didn't need to prepare fancy words.
I didn't need eloquence.
I just needed yieldedness.
When the spirit prays through you, everything changes.
Chains break.
Atmospheres shift.
Glory falls.
That's because it's no longer you.
It's God interceding through you.
That kind of intercession breaks regions.
The prophet Joel described it best: Let the priest weep between the porch and the altar.
That image never left me.
That place between the entryway and the holy fire is where revival begins.
It's where the tears fall.
It's where repentance flows.
It's where intercessors cry out with desperation.
I wept in many places, but the most powerful tears fell when I prayed for the church to awaken.
God honors the tears of intercessors more than the applause of preachers.
There are natural tears and then there are spirit-born tears.
' I didn't cry because I was emotional.
I cried because the burden was so heavy it crushed my heart open.
Those tears were prophetic.
They carried the weight of regions.
They were mixed with heaven's grief and heaven's hope.
Sometimes a single tear from an intercessor does more than ten sermons ever could.
That in-between place, the porch and the altar, is a posture.
You've come close enough to the presence to be transformed, but you're still standing in the gap for others.
You haven't stepped into glory for yourself.
You're pulling others in with your tears.
That place is painful, but it's also holy.
And that is where revival is born.
Lord, take me to the place between the porch and the altar.
Let my heart break with yours.
Make me an intercessor who bleeds in prayer for the sake of the church and the world.
Give me tears that carry glory.
Let my weeping birth revival.
Let my sorrow become intercession.
I will not run from the weight; I welcome it.
I just pretend like I'm in the car when you read to me.
I love to hear it, Diana.
It just fans the flame.
If you're dry, if you've got to inspire yourself, be inspired to pray.
What motivates you to jump in that river?
Grab a hold of things that help you because the dryness of the world continually tries to drain us.
But when you fan that flame for prayer, you realize this is what motivates us.
We're making a difference.
Every single one of us, as we come together and we intercede for the nations.
Some people don't have that motivation.
This is the book.
It's like going to the gym.
Some people have it and you look at them and say, 'How do you look so chiseled?
You're so motivated.
' And then there are some people that are just not motivated.
If I were motivated, I'd look like that, too.
It takes work.
What motivates them to do it?
How did they get there?
They feed on stuff that motivates them.
How do you become a spiritual giant, to look like somebody that's ripped in the spirit realm?
You motivate yourself.
And the only way you do that is by what you choose to feed on.
What am I putting in me?
People go, 'Well, you're there because of this.
' No, I choose to go to that gym.
So, we'll just pray now.
Thank you for reading a little bit there to us.
Father, we just lift up this time before you.
We're going to jump in that river.
Is it not working?
I'm sorry.
Some like the microphone, some hate it, but it costs a lot, so I use it.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We're just yielded to you, Holy Spirit.
You said to pray over these wells, and we're going to pray over them now.
Father, I thank you that you show us the exact way to bring this down because without you, we can't do this.
We need you in every aspect of our life.
You said they're going to attack the infrastructure of our nation.
You said, 'Pray over this for disruptions to be brought to justice.
' Father, I thank you that as we come together as believers who are bold over this, I yield to the anointing that you've called me to walk in.
And I thank you, Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We praise you and we give this prayer time to you.
We pray for the next hour and we lift up the nation before you.
We pray for our president.
We pray for Israel.
We pray for the things that need prayer.
I'm seeing the men in the apartment complex again.
It's all on the walls.
The planned attack is on the walls of the apartment and blueprints.
They have pictures of it.
It looks like drone footage.
I see a river, a stream of water that is attached to this facility that they're looking at.
It's a waterway used for cooling, but I see this boat.
They're in a boat and they're casing it out from the boat.
They've taken a tube; it's PVC, like the pipes that you get at Lowe's.
And they've made a launcher out of a tube.
It looks like a homemade launcher.
I see this tube that looks like you put something down in it and light the fuse, and it shoots it off like a cannon.
It's just a little metal boat, like you would get at Bass Pro Shop, with one of those cheap motors in the back.
This is a cheap-looking boat.
They don't even keep it close; they keep it on the shoreline, attached to a tree in the woods.
There's a yellow line attaching this boat to a tree hidden in the woods, camouflaged.
The pipe that they're using is about two inches around.
It looks like a mortar round pipe.
It's long but it's made to shoot projectiles out of it.
It's a PVC pipe, white, and they've designed it for explosives to launch them where they want them to go.
It's some kind of launching device on this boat.
But they have more than one.
The Lord says there are a lot of tourists.
I see the tourists; they're all on the waterfront.
They're scoping out a power plant.
You see the stacks?
You can see steam coming out of these tubes.
I see one, two, three major stacks of power, like steam turbines.
There is red at the top of these stacks, marked like you would see for pilots, like lights.
They're power stacks, like chimneys.
They're trying to make themselves look like fishermen.
They want to be disguised as fishermen.
It looks so innocent.
They have those fisherman hats on and those vests where you put your lures.
I see them in their boat; one is taking pictures and the other acts like he's fishing.
They don't want to draw attention because they look like they're just fishermen.
That's what they're wearing.
They just look like fishermen with nets going down the river.
But they're casing these places for tourists, casing the power plants, and casing our water supply.
It's on a riverfront with a little black motor on the back of a metal boat, and they're fishing in the river.
There are three men.
One's steering it, one's in the middle, and one's at the end, all on the boat.
Two separate accounts.
One boat has two men at another place, and the other boat has three men.
This is a bigger boat.
But there are two different groups that I am seeing.
One has one steering the boat and one is at the helm at the end of it, and he's acting like he's fishing, but they're scouting.
They're going down the rivers; they're going down these streams.
It looks like waterways, places of great water, but they're scoping things out.
It's in surveillance; it doesn't look as mysterious if you're fishing.
If you're driving around in a car taking pictures, you're noticed as much.
They're fishing.
Do you know it's kind of like the Arkansas River going through Tulsa?
Do you know there's stuff on both sides, and you see the power plant?
You see that thing by Jinx?
It's over on the side.
It's like scoping it all.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
As you cross the Arkansas River, you can see it there.
There are places to eat; there are places to go.
And that's what I'm talking about.
They're casing things out.
They're looking at things.
I see these men; they're bad.
The Lord said, 'Watch this.
You see them?
They're doing it in a way that is not detectable.
You're not paying attention to them.
If they were in public doing this—I see it like you're going to Walmart and starting to take pictures of everything—you look suspicious.
You know what I'm saying?
Whatever.
It's very detailed visions.
I see this; it's very clear.
And I see different tactics of how they've been doing recon.
We thank you, Lord, that everything is found out.
We thank you, Lord, that they are found out.
We thank you, Lord, that every plot, plan, and pursuit across this land, over America and even in Canada, is uncovered.
We pray a hedge of protection around our churches, our places of shopping, and our power plants.
We take authority over our power plants, facilities, factories, gas facilities, propane, and train tracks.
Does the Mississippi go by St.
Louis?
How close is St.
Louis from the Mississippi?
Is directly St.
Louis, Missouri.
Are there power plants on the Mississippi River attached to St.
Louis?
Thank you, Lord.
Every plot and plan they have in store is uncovered.
Every plot they have in store for our hospitals.
I pray over our hospitals, over major hospitals in Boston.
I lift up the hospitals in Boston above the facilities.
There are missing guns.
I hear the Lord: 'There are missing guns.
' Where did they go?
They went to the Islamists.
This is so serious, and I see a lot, but I'm not saying a target targeting major hospitals.
Okay, Jesus help me.
I see an event taking place and you think it's about the race, but it's not.
It's about the hospitals.
It's where they take the people who have been hurt.
But it's about the hospitals as you see chaos.
I see people running; I see fire; I see smoke.
And remember the trash cans.
But as events would happen, it's about these hospitals.
You see the big red crosses on the hospitals.
I see a red cross where the helicopters are; it's on the buildings.
Oh God, I'm in New York, I'm in Boston.
I see the subways in New York again.
I see mass transit; I see the UN.
For many will go in a day—the Boston test in a day, a path to test in the day.
You must find the source to find more of this.
The motions.
Many go.
Thank you, Lord.
Over Coachella, over art fairs, and over the events.
We pray over every major gathering: races, marathons.
We pray over the gatherings.
I see white tents; they look like poncho tarp tents.
We thank you, Lord.
I'm there; I plead the blood over me.
I can smell the food.
I see the train; I see the subways down on the ground.
I can hear them so clearly.
I can smell the street vendors.
I see Trump.
Lord, I'm just stuck right here in this spot.
We pray over every single person that would gather in this area today.
We thank you, Lord, that every one of them has a heightened sense of alert.
No weapon formed against them would prosper.
We pray over every single person that would attend any mass gatherings.
We pray around the Boston Red Sox, the New York Yankees, and the basketball games.
It's Boston.
He's been talking to me about basketball a lot lately.
It's the shamrocks; I see them very clearly.
They're celebrating.
Okay, this is two different places.
I'm looking in Chicago first at Trump's buildings.
Then I went to Boston and there I see street vendors; it looks like a celebration.
The main thing I'm focusing on is right here.
I see subway systems and transit.
I'm going through New York.
I see it all.
And then I see the hospitals.
Praying over our hospitals.
When people are distracted, I lose sight of everybody.
Lord, I'm just looking at you.
We pray over the NBA, over New York, over the Knicks, and over Boston.
We thank you.
I see a storm, but this is an unusual storm.
The cloud is so black that you can't see through it, and the lightning is so fierce there's no end to it.
I see this black cloud that almost looks like onyx, but there's purple in it from the lightning.
This is not a normal storm.
It's over the city where they play basketball.
I see a vast storm over the downtown.
Now, I'm not exactly sure what this is yet.
Don't add to or take away from anything I'm saying by the Spirit of the Lord.
I'm telling you a picture.
We just instruct how to pray: praying over hospitals.
Okay, I see China again.
In retaliation for this new virus, I see China creating it.
Oh Father, the level of the shaking to awaken is beyond anything I can tell you in words.
The level of darkness in man's heart is beyond words.
I see AI behind it.
I see digital code.
I see a demon, but the demon is behind the blackness of the man's heart with AI and digital code, and it hovers over Europe.
We're about to enter into a time that we've never seen before.
AI is at the door—a time like we've never seen before as a society.
The internet generation will be a thing of the past, like what we consider the dot-com era.
I see new quantum computers—even household computers—that will be revolutionary.
This new technological boom that's about to hit the earth is going to reshape everything.
I'm looking into the beast system, the last of the last.
I see fires, storms, and so much more.
It's all happening so quickly; everything is coming at me in fast forward.
I'm looking into the end of the end, and things are about to escalate to a place that you will not recognize.
Even the older generation won't be able to keep up with it.
That's how fast it's about to come.
It will be so far over what our parents' generation saw; it will be so over their heads.
This thing is coming that fast.
It's coming at what you call—you know, when you say this is the best internet, Diana—like fiber optics.
All I can tell you is I'm looking up and down the East Coast.
I can see into Miami and Washington D.
C.
, and I'm telling you there's a storm coming.
But I see the church—the glorious church.
When I'm talking about the storm, I'm talking about the Antichrist system and the seven-year tribulation.
I'm looking into it, and it's very scary.
In the natural, you have no idea the level of hell that's coming.
The seven-year tribulation is so bad that I had to open my eyes.
People have no idea what's coming.
If you don't know Jesus Christ, you're in trouble.
There are certain things, when I look over there, that start pulling me, and I don't want to look at them anymore.
I have to back out for a minute because it's that heavy.
The plagues, the fires, and all these people acting crazy—it's absolutely over the top.
Nobody has ever seen anything like this.
If you were able to see what I'm seeing, it would overwhelm many of you because I'm conditioned.
I've seen a lot, and I'm telling you, if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, the tribulation is going to be hell on earth.
People are acting vicious; they don't even act human anymore.
They're godless, and the decay of morals is at an all-time high.
You wouldn't believe it.
When people say there's a revival in the tribulation, I don't see one.
All I see is people acting godless and crazy.
I'm seeing Boston, plagues, earthquakes, and tsunamis.
It looked like it as I was pushing into that when I left the NBA and I saw the storm; then I was looking, and all of a sudden I was being pulled into the tribulation.
I could see it all around again.
The hospitals are full of people, but even the doctors act like they don't care.
It's robotic, and I could see AI behind it.
I could see China on steroids.
The darkness on China and the communistic way they control people is like it's on steroids.
We think it's bad now, but the persecution and social monitoring—the lack of privacy—is at a different level.
As I was there in the East, in Boston, I could look at New York.
I shot over to Europe and could see Rome, and there were fires; they were burning the Vatican.
It looks like hell on earth, Diana.
People are sick, and flies are everywhere—on people, landing on their mouths.
It looks like disease and pestilence.
It smells like death.
So many people are ignorant and don't realize where we are or how close everything is to kicking off.
We're in the holding tank.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
We're at the door, and many have no idea how close we truly are.
The cry for humanity, the cry of civilization as we know it—everything we've ever known is about to change.
People may be freaked out, and if you're not, you should be.
If you're not born again, if you do not know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you should be scared spitless.
You need to know Jesus tonight.
I've tried to prepare you with everything I have inside of me.
The time has come; you must know Him.
You're running out of time.
The AI generation, everything about to unfold—it's coming at us like warp speed.
We have this little grace period, these birthing pains, before we step over the edge.
There is no going back.
Everything you've ever known will change within a 24-hour period.
In those 24 hours, you'll pass the point of no return.
Please hear me: when that time is up, everything will snowball like a freight train.
I'm looking into terrorist attacks, plots, plans, and plagues.
It's overwhelming to the natural mind because you can't perceive it in the natural; you have to get it in the spirit.
It's time for the greatest harvest, the greatest manifestation of souls and the glory on the church.
We must rise up and be the church we're called to be, without spot or wrinkle.
Those playing church or in compromise are in great danger.
You must be all in.
If you're lukewarm, He said He would spew you out of His mouth.
You'd better be hot, because those riding the fence are not all in.
You're kind of in the world and kind of sold out to Jesus.
He has a little bit of you, but He doesn't have the whole thing.
I fear for you.
It's time to come home.
You're running out of time.
Everything I was seeing was so fast.
I opened my eyes; I don't know what I would have kept seeing if I'd kept them shut.
Stop playing church and get serious with God.
Give yourself over to Jesus and make Him your Lord and personal Savior.
Tonight is your night.
Don't be a backsliding Christian anymore; don't live a compromising life.
Don't go to strip clubs, sleep around, or do drugs.
No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man will return.
But we can look at the signs all around us and look at the fig tree, looking at Israel, looking at all these things with the wars and the rumors of wars, and we can all have a sense of awe, an awakening inside of us, that we know that there's something that's about to happen.
We all know it's that alarm clock that's going off inside of you right now, even while you're here in the middle of the night praying, that you have that caution, alert, alert, alert.
It's the flashing red lights that are going off and you can see them in a distance, and you know that there's something coming.
And with all your heart, there's a lot of you that are running from it and thinking, 'I can delay this.
I can ignore this.
' But there is no ignoring.
There is none.
There is no running.
The dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
The tribulation is about to begin.
Are you on the right side of it?
Is your heart sold out for Jesus Christ tonight?
With all the things I'm telling you to pray over—the hospitals, our waterways, our power plants—we have a great responsibility as the church right now.
But there's many of you that are here and you need to give your heart over to Jesus Christ.
So, I want you just to be real with yourself right now and stop playing church.
And if I'm talking to you and you feel a stirring on the inside of you and you know that I'm not right with God, I am not right with Jesus, I am not right with where I'm at with the Father, tonight's your night to make a change.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
I want you to really search your heart.
I want you to say in the comment section, 'Tonight's my night, Brandon.
I want you to pray for me.
I don't want to live this compromising life anymore.
I don't want to live this way.
I want to sell out to Jesus.
Tonight's my night to come home.
' I'm like the prodigal, the son or the daughter that's been in the pigpen, and I'm sitting there saying, 'Man, I've spent the inheritance.
I've spent all that I have and I'm laying here in this pigpen and I'm just saying, can I just go home?
' But what's amazing about our Father is he's not there to beat you down.
He's there with the robe and the fatted calf and the ring and saying, 'Listen, my son, my daughter's come home tonight.
Let's kill the fatted calf and let's have a celebration.
' He sees you coming.
He's there right now with you and he's knocking on your heart.
'Will you sell out to me?
Will you let me help you?
' is what he's saying.
'And will you help me bring in the harvest?
' For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And you know people around you who will probably not receive anybody else other than somebody like you because they're familiar.
They say, 'Listen, I see the difference in the change in you.
Help me.
Pray for me.
' And you're going to be there for them just like I'm praying for you right now.
But I believe today is your day for change.
I'm going to say a simple prayer for you, but I want you to repeat it after me.
And I want you to say with all your heart and really mean it: 'Tonight's my night.
I'm going to make a change.
' As we see all these things unfolding all around us and wars and all this stuff, I'm telling you, as of the 1st of April, the Lord said when Passover began, 'Brandon, an acceleration of double has now happened.
' And we're seeing it, and you're about to see it on another level going clear into this fall.
And you're going to look around you and go, 'Oh my gosh.
' But that's not even the ending of it.
This is just the beginning of sorrows.
This is what he said.
This is when you start seeing these things.
This is not the tribulation yet.
This is the beginning of sorrows, the birthing pains as labor pains upon a woman.
These are just labor pains, all that we're seeing right now.
So if I'm talking to you and you feel that in your heart, I want you to say this prayer after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I am a sinner and I have fallen short of the glory.
And tonight, I repent of my sin.
I repent for what I've been doing.
I know it's wrong.
I know I've not been living right.
But tonight, I turn my back on it and I ask you to help me.
I can't do this on my own.
But tonight, I give my all to you.
I ask you to flood me.
Create in me a clean heart.
Give me a brand new start.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe you are the Son of God.
And I believe you are the only way to get to heaven and to get to the Father is through you.
And I confess you.
I believe in you.
And I ask you to be my Lord and personal savior.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on that sin.
And from this day forward, my sin is none of the devil's business.
I ask you to help me.
I ask you to wash me.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a brand new start tonight and I'm sold out to you.
Thank you, Lord, that I am free.
And the moment I confess my sins, you said you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And as of tonight, Lord, I have confessed it before you, and I love you and I thank you that I'm coming home.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, I believe you have a brand new start today.
He said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
' But if you fall down and you sin and you mess up again, you don't run from God.
You run to God.
Don't hide like Adam and Eve did.
Run to him.
Say, 'I need your help.
I can't do this on my own.
' And the Holy Spirit is there to help you.
Jesus said, 'I'm an ever-present help in a time of need.
' I am always there to help you.
Don't run from him and go hide, saying, 'Well, I messed up.
' He knows.
Say, 'I need you, Lord.
Help me.
' And you know how you're going to get over that kind of stuff?
You're going to read your word.
You're going to read the Bible.
This is the word of God.
You're going to read this and you're going to meditate on this word all the time.
It will change you from the inside out.
The Bible says that the entrance of his word brings forth light.
And the more you get that light through your eye gates and it changes you, it's going to renew your mind.
By reading the word, you're going to renew your mind.
You're going to get that word down inside of you.
The Bible says you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
What's the truth?
The truth is God's word.
So the more you know that truth, the more you understand who you are, the more it's going to set you free and make you free.
You can't do it on your own.
And you're not going to do it by just having a little prayer like, 'I just pray right now, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine.
' No.
You have to have this word inside of you and it will change you from the inside out.
Well, Brandon, I don't understand it.
Find a Bible version that you understand.
And if you don't have a Bible and you just got born again watching us, we will send you a Bible for free.
Tell them how they can get it.
Yeah, if you just go down into the description, you'll find our email address.
And if you put 'I just got saved' or 'I need a Bible' on the subject line, and then put your name and your address in the email, we will get one to you.
We'll get it to you in the United States, United States territories, and military addresses like the APO, FPO, I think is what it is.
But yeah, you might have to talk up, honey, but I think they got it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, we just want to celebrate your decision tonight and to tell you welcome.
Now, what do you do?
I would go to a Bible-believing church.
Get plugged in there.
Go to church on Wednesdays and Sundays.
Get plugged in.
Go to a prayer group, whatever.
Do whatever they say and tell the pastor, 'Listen, I got born again on your YouTube channel.
I want to be water-baptized.
' Get water-baptized.
Get plugged in.
Come over here and pray with us.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell.
Come over here and be a part of our YouTube channel and pray with us on a day-to-day basis.
We're praying and we believe that we're raising up a million-man and -woman prayer army.
Through this prayer army, we're changing the nations for Jesus through prayer.
I'm so excited you're here tonight.
To all 59 of you, welcome home.
All 59 of you who gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
I'm so excited that you've sold out to Jesus tonight.
Isn't that wonderful?
We're so excited for you and we're rejoicing with your decision.
We just look at it as a big happy family.
We're all anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We know our redemption draws nigh.
I don't believe we're appointed unto wrath, none of us.
I believe that the rapture of the church is just right at hand.
I believe that the tribulation is coming, but we will not participate in that as a believing believer that is sold out for Jesus.
Now, there's a lot of doctrine that believes that we're here for all of it.
That's on you.
I don't believe what you believe.
I believe the rapture is coming, and you will never persuade me to believe that we're appointed unto wrath.
I don't believe it.
You can't make me swallow your pill.
I believe with all my heart that God is not a wife-beater and He's not up there beating His bride.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus said, 'I'm bringing you to my side and a great marriage supper is coming.
' We're about to have the greatest celebration that's going to make the greatest party of all the believers coming together, and we're going to celebrate Jesus and all the beautiful things that He's done for us.
I anticipate that.
But right now, we're bringing in the harvest as quickly and as fast as we can because we know that you must bring them in while it is still day, for night is coming.
We know that the night is coming, but we've got to bring them in while it is still day.
Billy Burke, that's one of his favorite scriptures he's always telling me: 'Bring in the harvest while it is day, for the night is coming.
' Brandon, you've got to bring in the harvest while it is day, for the night is coming.
Do you know that one?
John 9:4: 'I must work the works of him that sent me while it is day.
The night cometh when no man can work.
' And that's where we are right now.
That's what Billy always told me, Brandon: 'We must work while it is day, for the night is coming and no one's going to be able to work.
' We've got to bring in the harvest as quickly as possible.
Billy Burke—it's one of his favorite scriptures; he quotes that to me all the time.
John 9:4.
He quotes that to me probably every time we talk to him.
'Brandon,' he tells me, 'that's where we are right now.
John 9:4.
We must work while it is day.
' And that's what we're doing on this broadcast every single time we do this, because we're working the ground.
Some plant, some water, and God always brings forth the increase.
We believe that Jesus is bringing that increase.
Isn't it wonderful to see so many souls come in?
We're working while it's day.
We sure love y'all.
I don't know what to really say about all what I saw tonight.
I'm trying to really process it.
Do you feel the presence of the Lord so strong?
I wonder if they can feel it.
I feel it.
It's like He's just covering me like a blanket.
I feel it all inside of me, the seriousness of the hour as intercessors, as prayers.
If you truly understood the seriousness of the hour.
Paisley was texting you; I think she needs you.
You might have to go.
When I get to that point in the river, I don't want to leave it.
I just sit there and rest in it for a minute.
Hallelujah.
All I can say is thank you for coming and praying with us and being a part of our prayer team here.
It took a little bit for me to get in that place, but I'm so thankful that there are so many of you that are patient and pray with us and take it seriously.
It's truly a blessing that you spend your nights with us praying for the nations, praying for what I've seen, and praying over these basketball games.
There are certain things I shouldn't say.
I was just talking about basketball and things people read into too much, and I'm not going to say that, but thank you Lord that You protect those people.
You protect them.
Every attack, every plot, and every plan is coming tonight in Jesus' name.
We close this tonight knowing that You have shown us and You're revealing the secret things that we can pray against so that they will not manifest.
Father, we pray over the people of Boston and over New York and over all these major areas of gatherings: the marathons, Coachella, all the things where people gather.
We thank You, Lord, as we pray for Coachella, that Your angels are watching around it.
Even as ungodly as some of the events that go on are, Father, I thank You, Lord, that Your mercy is there.
Tell the FBI, the sheriff's departments, Homeland Security, whoever may be watching these major events, from Coachella on, that God, Your hand is on them and that You're watching over this.
What it's about is I see the 18th highlighted.
It's big and bold.
It just popped up before me and I saw 18.
Pray over the 18th.
Isn't that amazing, son?
You see that?
So it would be Saturday the 18th.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, Friday the 10th through the 26th.
So it's this weekend.
Praying over it this weekend.
And then next weekend, the 18th and 19th.
So it's the 10th through the 19th.
Is that what you're saying?
Okay.
So the highlight of the day: praying over what?
The 5K.
When is that?
The 18th.
Oh my goodness.
That's it.
Okay.
The Boston Marathon is the 18th.
On Saturday, not this weekend, but next weekend.
So we have some time to pray some more.
But that's why when I looked at it, 18 was highlighted very big and the Lord specifically said, He circled it on a calendar and said, 'Watch the 18th.
' So we're going to pray over this timeframe.
We will continue to pray.
All you prayer warriors, he's praying over Boston on the 18th.
The Holy Spirit is amazing to me.
We're just vessels, y'all.
But when He uses us and He shows me so clearly, '18, 18, pray,' and He shows me—He flashes the numbers in front of me and I'm closing my eyes and I see it, boom, that big and bold.
It was in black and white.
That's pretty amazing.
Okay, so Boston, the 18th.
What's even more interesting?
The Boston Marathon and Coachella are all in the same week.
What about the Boston Celtics tomorrow?
The Boston Celtics play.
Do they play the New York Knicks?
When do they play?
I saw Boston and I saw New York.
Maybe that's two different things, because like I said, I don't want to add to it.
Okay, so Boston and New York.
Oh my God.
Wow.
So Boston and New York are scheduled to play tomorrow.
We need to lift it.
Father, we just thank you that that basketball game is protected.
Every participant in this Boston-New York game, I say you're covered in the blood.
I put angels all around that stadium.
I put angels all around the participating people.
We thank you, Lord, that there are angels for aid and assistance all around the Boston-New York game tomorrow.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We take authority over every demonic assignment.
We command every terrorist plot, every kind of attack that would try to come against the American people in this game.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ, cease and desist in your maneuvering.
We say the FBI and the NYPD—all the law enforcement—are alert.
They're looking around.
They're watching in the name of Jesus for every plot, every plan, everything.
No, I saw something else.
I don't see it around tomorrow.
Some people are saying that the Boston race is on Monday the 20th.
They're saying it's on the 20th, not the 18th, but I don't know.
I just did a quick search and it said the 18th, but I think maybe that's just the kickoff.
So, they're going to run on a Monday, I guess.
I see the 18th regardless.
Whatever we're praying for, we're praying for the 18th; that's on that day.
I still know I saw the 18th.
So, if it's Coachella or whatever, we're going to keep praying for that because I saw the 18th.
Regardless of whether they're running on the 20th or whatever, there's something about the 18th.
The Lord said pray over the 18th.
But it's pretty interesting that it's the 20th.
So I wonder what's about the 18th.
It has to be Coachella.
Someone in the chat is saying that the NBA playoffs begin the 18th.
So, NBA championship...
Okay.
Could Boston and New York play each other in the NBA playoffs?
It doesn't matter.
I don't want to speculate because you cannot add to this; it's dangerous.
But that's what I'm trying to tell you.
When I'm seeing these things, it's more to be prayed out.
The visions are very clear.
Praying over Boston and New York.
Praying over the games.
Praying over the mass gatherings.
Could it be tomorrow night?
It's the game they play.
I saw these two teams.
Now, could it be for the playoffs?
If they play each other in the playoffs, I don't know.
So, like I said, I'm not adding to or taking away from anything.
It's dangerous.
So, you just know as prayer warriors, you just say, 'Okay, we're praying over these two teams.
' What does it have to do with these two teams?
I think it's pretty amazing that those teams are meeting tomorrow.
But there's power in prayer.
So am I saying don't go to this game?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm saying the Lord showed me these two teams and I saw a storm concerning it.
What does that mean?
You don't add to anything and sit there and go, 'Well, that means it's a terrorist attack there.
' I don't know.
So I'm just telling you I feel caution.
Pray, and then I saw the Boston Marathon.
Pray over the Boston Marathon.
Pray over the NBA.
Pray over these time frames.
And so you know, if they meet each other in the playoffs—I don't even know if they will—if they did, pray over that.
It's a big deal.
So that's what I'm just saying as I get the little cues.
I get these things and we bring them to you and if it adds up, you just pray over it.
It doesn't hurt something serious because as I was looking at the storm, as I was looking at this, it was about hospitals.
Boom, boom, boom!
Then I saw it go straight really quick and I got sucked into it again and I was in the tribulation.
Isn't that amazing?
Pretty amazing.
And you know, y'all are news hounds; you're sniffing around for the news.
We appreciate all your help.
We don't have time for it.
I pray and everything and, like I said, even if I got it, you sit there and try to add to or take away from it, it's flaky.
You can't.
You'll get yourself snared.
You've just got to be grounded.
You've got to put it in the word and you've got to pray over things and don't get all flaky with it.
Does that make sense?
Because Sister Clipboard will be taking it and running with it and calling everybody, saying 'don't go to the game,' and then they go, 'Why would you go to the game?
There was nothing about it.
' Pray.
We don't know the rest of it yet.
So you've got to be mature and handle things in a mature way.
You've got to just keep praying about things.
Don't add to anything, Sister Clipboard; we can't do that.
You've got to be smart.
That's why I'm telling y'all.
Does that help you?
Because you've got to calm down.
We've got to bring it down.
You've got to just pray over it.
Don't go, 'No!
' Calm down.
Pray over it.
Pray over Coachella.
Pray over the 18th.
Don't go...
calm down.
Calm down.
Focus.
You'll learn as you pray with me.
This is how you do it.
And you just keep praying.
I'm just on a live thing with thousands of people watching.
You just learn to just keep going in the river.
It's good.
We're all growing.
We're all learning.
All right.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you.
Bye-bye.